Now to conclude this part on mixins,
let's answer one important question.
Is the data here, this object, the fruit mixin, is this object actually shared between the components
which add it or not?
Because right now of course, we share the methods and so on
but if we change the data, something we don't do right now, we only have the computed property, we don't
change the original data,
if we change this,
is this reflected in all components or is a new instance of this object created for each component where
we pass this mixin?
Now let's find out by adding something in our app.vue file,
let's simply add a new button here above our list where I say add new item.
Now all I want to do here is on click is I want to access my fruits, not with this though,
I know I can do that because I get it added with the mixin, this array here fruits and I want to push
a new item on it and the new item
simply is berries.
Now if I save this, let's see if both lists get adjusted or only the first one, you see berries are only
added to the first list.
So this object, this fruit mixin is not shared,
it's not the same place in memory which we then use as a mixin in seperate components,
instead it is really replicated.
So each component which gets this as a mixin gets a fresh copy of this object and we're not sharing
one,
this means it's safe for you to access the data and manipulate it without affecting other places in your
application.
If you want to affect other places in your application, consider simply using something like the event bus
I showed you earlier in the last module about components where you would use a vue instance which you
then basically can access throughout your application to call methods there or also change the data stored there.
This would be an option or you could of course also use a normal javascript object which you just import,
not add as a mixin but just use in your code like this, fruit mixin and then access the fields there.
This is how you can use the same component,
excuse me, the same object. If you use the mixins array, vuejs will create a copy for you so that you
can safely edit it and don't influence other components.